>> Brian Holt: Now that we have an app,
let's go actually make some sort of
reusable component that we're gonna use
multiple times here.
So the next thing I want you to do now,
is I want you to move this into
a separate JavaScript file cuz this is
gonna get really messy putting
everything inside of a script tag.
So what I'm gonna do here
is I'm just going to,
>> Brian Holt: Cut and paste that.
So I'm gonna make a new file,
always in source, right, here.
And I'm just gonna call it App.js.
>> Brian Holt: Stop it,
I don't care.
>> Brian Holt: So
now I have something called App.js,
same code and everything like that.
Here in index.html,
rather than have the script tag here,
I'm just gonna say here src =
./App.js.
>> Brian Holt: So
just added line 16 there, right?
Deleted all the code inside of that,
moved them to another file called
./App.js in the same source directory.
And then we can just start writing stuff
in the JavaScript file rather than kind
of having the HTML and
CSS evolve in the same
page.
>> Brian Holt: So
if I save that and go check,
this should still work, right?
Cuz it's still loading
that JavaScript file.
Now I wanna have a pet sort of component,
right?
So that it can render out pets
inside of my applications.
So I'm gonna make another
component above this called pet.
const Pet = arrow ().
Okay and it's gonna be the same sort of
thing where I'm gonna return the result
of React.createelement.
And I'm gonna put this inside of a "div".
>> Brian Holt: But
instead of just returning
one child inside of this,
I'm going to return an array of children,
right?
Cuz it's gonna have multiple children.
>> Brian Holt: So
first thing I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna have what kind of dog,
or what's the dog's name?
So it's gonna be react.createElement,
>> Brian Holt: h1,
empty and the name of the dog,
which we're gonna do my dog, so
it's gonna be Luna.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, underneath that,
we're gonna have another createElement
called, that's going to be an h2.
And Luna is a dog.
>> Brian Holt: And underneath that,
we're gonna have another one and
she is a Havanese dog.
But you could have Poodle or
whatever you want there.
>> Brian Holt: Make sure you have
the commas here, right?
Cuz it is an array.
>> Brian Holt: So now we have a new
pet class, a new pet component, right?
So you wanna use this pet inside of our
application.
>> Brian Holt: So
we're gonna go down into app.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna turn this into
an array as well.
>> Brian Holt: And
now underneath this we're gonna add
three instances of the pet class.
So I'm gonna say react,
>> Brian Holt: .createElement(Pet),
and I'm just gonna put three of these.
>> Brian Holt: So again,
I've made this pet rubber stamp and I've
now stamped pet three times inside of app.
So what do you expect to see when
we go over to look at the browser?
You expect to see a div on the outside.
You expect to see an h1 with
Adopt me inside of it, right?
And then you expect to see three of
these pet components right in a row.
So you're going to see Luna,
Dog, Havanese,
three separate times.
>> Speaker 2: So we see three Lunas there?
Or we see-
>> Brian Holt: Three
Lunas.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, exactly.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Exactly, so you can see
here, Luna shows up three times.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
Cool, good question.
>> Brian Holt: So
now we've kind of stamped this
multiple times onto our page.
Again, you're probably thinking,
this isn't a super useful pet component
cuz it describes one pet, right?
I don't wanna write this
component 100 times for
100 different pets, which again,
is a fair assertion.
So, now we're gonna start getting
into how reactions become a little
bit more powerful, because we can
make these components more flexible.
Last thing is, if you're looking at your
console, you will be seeing these errors.
We will fix these.
Just for now if you see key prop errors,
just ignore them,
we will come back to them.